[CH-NOTIX] Add explanation for 'Auto Opt-In By Token Registration' (#9264)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data/braze_currents/event_glossary/message_engagement_events.md

| Migration | When a user is updated by internal migrations or maintenance scripts |
| User Merge | When a user is updated by the merging users process |
| Canvas User Update Step | When a user is updated by the Canvas User Update step |

> | Auto Opt-In By Token Registration | When a user is updated by the Token Registration process |

Reviewer: `When a user is updated from implied status by the Token Registration process`?

Author: What does "implied status" mean? Not sure this wouldn't generate additional questions

Reviewer: ya thats a good callout, implied status is a term we use and it could cause confusions. I think implied status here means that what we believe the user status should be based on the information we receive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Auto Opt-In By Token Registration | When a user’s initial subscription status is "Subscribed" and a foreground push token is added or updated, the status is automatically upgraded to "Opted In". |
```

Author: @exigoking That might be a bit too long, I'm not sure we should talk about what this process does, rather which process is the source of the event

Reviewer 2: the more info we could give to customer the more PQs we can avoid down the line
